#632: Prepared release 4.3.0 (#633)
exasol/script-languages-release: doc/changes/changes-4.3.0.md

# script-languages-release 4.3.0, released 2022-06-09

Code name: AWS CI Build and removal of standard-6.2.0 container

## Summary

This release now uses AWS for CI and release builds (instead of GClouds). The old standard-6.2.0 container has been removed. 
It also contains minor changes regarding the documentation of the packages in the container. The deployment of test container on Dockerhub has been fixed.

> The source code of the exa-udf-client has been now removed from the script-languages-container. Some integration tests for JVM owned native libraries have been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code of the exaudfclient has been now removed from the script-languages-container. Some integration tests for JVM owned native libraries have been added.
```

 - #161: Created FAQ and added solution for /tmp directory
 - #181: Added faq about how to start exaslct from within a docker container
 - #595: Fixed content of contributing.md

>  - #632: Prepared release 4.3.0

Reviewer: identation?
